h1. Train-EE Client Handoff

This is a sample Accessory template for ExpressionEngine 2.x. The goal in creating this was to make easier for non-PHP programmers to create custom Accessories to include with your client projects. Use this Accessory as a starting point, add your own links, your own screencasts, your own logo - whatever it takes to help your clients be more successful in adopting your finely-crafted EE site and managing their content.

h2. Requirements & Compatibility

* ExpressionEngine 2.x is required for this add-on

h2. Installation

* Copy the <code>trainee_client_handoff</code> directory to your <code>system/expressionengine/third_party/</code> directory
* Install the Accessory under Add-ons > Accessories
* Configure which pages should load the Accessory
* Configure which member groups should see the Accessory

h2. Customizing

* To change the name of the tab edit line 26 of the <code>acc.trainee_client_handoff.php</code> file.
* To change the CSS ID of your accessory tab edit line 29 of the <code>acc.trainee_client_handoff.php</code> file.
* The <code>acc.trainee_client_handoff.php</code> file is commented explaining where and how to customize the Accessory with your own information. Remember to always test locally before installing on a client's site.

h2. License

This add-on is licensed under +Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike 3.0 Unported+. This means that you can:

* copy, distribute and transmit the work
* adapt the work

Under the following conditions:

* *Attribution* - You must attribute the work in the manner specified by the author or licensor (but not in any way that suggests that they endorse you or your use of the work).
* *Share Alike* — If you alter, transform, or build upon this work, you may distribute the resulting work only under the same or similar license to this one.

For more details read through "the overview of the license":http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/ or read through "the full legal jargon":http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/legalcode.

h2. Change Log

+*1.0, June 2, 2010*+

* Initial Release